Update: Licensing Admin API updates and Troubleshooting section links (#7174)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/licenses/examples.md

}
```

> Ensure to [restart](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/production/running-kong/systemd/#restart-kong-gateway) the Kong Gateway nodes after updating a license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure to [restart](/gateway/{{page.release}}/reference/cli/#kong-restart) the {{site.base_gateway}} nodes after updating a license.

```
